Update readme with GHA instructions and more detail (#52)
AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-nf: README.md

The workflow is currently set up to run best via AWS batch, but some testing may work locally.
You will need to have appropriate AWS credentials set up to run the workflow on AWS and access the data files.
In general, you must have `workload` access in an OpenScPCA AWS account to run the workflow.

### Running the workflow from GitHub Actions

> The most common way to run the workflow will be through GitHub Actions (GHA), using the [Batch CodeDeploy workflow](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-nf/actions/workflows/run-batch.yml).
> This will send an AWS CodeDeploy action to the `Nextflow-workload` instance in the OpenScPCA AWS account, which will launch the Nextflow workflow on AWS Batch.
> The script that launches the workflow is [run_workflow.sh](scripts/run_nextflow.sh), which is run in a tmux session on the `Nextflow-workload` instance, allowing the workflow to run in the background and be monitored by logging into the instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most common way to run the workflow will be to run the GitHub Actions (GHA) responsible for running the workflow. 
The GHA is run automatically when a new release tag is created or by manually triggering the workflow. 

The GHA that runs the workflow uses the [Batch CodeDeploy workflow](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-nf/actions/workflows/run-batch.yml) to send an AWS CodeDeploy action to the `Nextflow-workload` instance in the OpenScPCA AWS account.
This will launch the Nextflow workflow on AWS Batch by running the the [run_workflow.sh](scripts/run_nextflow.sh) script in a tmux session on the `Nextflow-workload` instance. 
Using tmux allows the workflow to run in the background and be monitored by logging into the instance.
```
To be clear all of this is being managed by the GHA itself? You don't have to actually do any of this, you just have to run the GHA which completes this step. The GHA is then triggered either automatically or manually? I might rephrase this a bit. I was really confused at first. 

Also is being able to login to the instance something you expect people to be able to do? If so, I might include brief instructions on how to do that?

The GHA workflow will run automatically when a new release tag is created, which will include the following steps:

> 1. Run the `simulate` entry point to create simulated SCE objects for the OpenScPCA project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the workflow using the `simulate` entry point to create simulated SCE objects for the OpenScPCA project.
```

2. Run the main workflow using the simulated data.
3. Run the main workflow using the real ScPCA data.
4. Upload all Nextflow logs, traces, and html run reports to `s3://openscpca-nf-data/logs/full/`, organized by date.

Alternatively, manual launches of the GHA workflow can be triggered by a [`workflow_dispatch` trigger](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-nf/actions/workflows/run-batch.yml), which will allow you to specify a specific run mode.
The run modes available are:

- `test`: runs only a simple test workflow to check configuration
- `simulated`: runs the workflow using simulated data
- `scpca`: runs the workflow using the current ScPCA data release
- `full`: simulates data based on the current ScPCA datarelease, then runs the workflow using the simulated data and current ScPCA data release (this is same as the behavior of the automatic release workflow)

For each run, all Nextflow logs, traces, and html run reports will be uploaded to `s3://openscpca-nf-data/logs/{run_mode}/`, organized by date of the run.

### Running the workflow manually

> The following base command will run the main workflow, assuming all AWS permissions are set up correctly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can run the workflow locally. 
The following base command will run the main workflow, assuming all AWS permissions are set up correctly:
```

```bash
nextflow run AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-nf -profile batch
```

> For most use cases you will want to specify an output directory other than the default using the `--results_bucket` argument.

Reviewer: What are most cases? When would you want to use the default bucket?

Author: The default bucket is currently the results release bucket. I expect some of this to change when we get to #44, but for now it is what it is. Writing this sentence was actually what led me to file #44; I expect to add a `production` profile that sets the output buckets and then lock them down a bit more to avoid accidental edits, with some kind of staging location the default, but we don't have all of that set up yet.

```suggestion
For most use cases you will want to use the `--results_bucket` argument to avoid writing to the default output bucket.
```

Note that despite the name, this can be a local directory as well as an S3 bucket.
For an S3 bucket, the format should be `s3://bucket-name/path/to/results/`.

```bash
nextflow run AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-nf -profile batch --results_bucket {OUTDIR}
```

> The workflow also has a couple of entry points other than the main workflow, for testing and creating simulated data.

Reviewer: I might make a new header for talking about entry points.

This will launch the Nextflow workflow on AWS Batch by running the the [run_workflow.sh](scripts/run_nextflow.sh) script in a tmux session on the `Nextflow-workload` instance.
Using tmux allows the workflow to run in the background and be monitored by logging into the instance.

The GHA workflow will run automatically when a new release tag is created, which will include the following steps:

1. Run the workflow using the `simulate` entry point to create simulated SCE objects for the OpenScPCA project.
2. Run the main workflow using the simulated data.
3. Run the main workflow using the real ScPCA data.
4. Upload all Nextflow logs, traces, and html run reports to `s3://openscpca-nf-data/logs/full/`, organized by date.

Alternatively, manual launches of the GHA workflow can be triggered by a [`workflow_dispatch` trigger](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-nf/actions/workflows/run-batch.yml), which will allow you to specify a specific run mode.
The run modes available are:

- `test`: runs only a simple test workflow to check configuration
- `simulated`: runs the workflow using simulated data
- `scpca`: runs the workflow using the current ScPCA data release

> - `full`: simulates data based on the current ScPCA datarelease, then runs the workflow using the simulated data and current ScPCA data release (this is same as the behavior of the automatic release workflow)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `full`: simulates data based on the current ScPCA data release, then runs the workflow using the simulated data and current ScPCA data release (this is same as the behavior of the automatic release workflow)
```

nextflow run AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-nf -profile batch -entry test
```

> To run the workflow that creates simulated SCE objects for the OpenScPCA project, you can use the following command, but note that you will need to specify directory for the simulation output, as the default output bucket is not writeable except by a few specific roles:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the workflow that creates simulated SCE objects for the OpenScPCA project, you can use the following command, which specifies running the workflow with the `simulate` entry point. 
Note that you will need to specify the directory for the simulation output using the `--sim_pubdir` argument, as the default output bucket is not writeable except by a few specific roles:
```

```bash
nextflow run AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-nf -profile batch -entry simulate --sim_pubdir {SIMDIR}
```

> To run the workflow with simulated data, you can add the `simulated` profile.

Reviewer: This is different then running the simulated entry point right? I would explicitly state that/ make a new header.

Author: Yes, it is different. One generates the simulated data, the other uses it. I didn't like the overlap, but since one is an entry point and one is a profile, I thought it might be okay.

nextflow run AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-nf -profile batch -entry test
```

To run the workflow that creates simulated SCE objects for the OpenScPCA project, you can use the following command, which specifies running the workflow with the `simulate` entry point.
Note that you will need to specify the directory for the simulation output using the `--sim_pubdir` argument, as the default output bucket is not writeable except by a few specific roles:

```bash
nextflow run AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-nf -profile batch -entry simulate --sim_pubdir {SIMDIR}
```

### Stub runs

All of the above commands will run the complete workflow processes.

> To test the general logic of the workflow without , you can use a stub run by including the `-stub` argument and `-profile stub`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test the general logic of the workflow without running the full workflow you can use a stub run by including the `-stub` argument and `-profile stub`.
```
